# hello-world
I work for <a href="http://www.ksbe.edu/">Kamehameha Schools</a>, a private K-12 organization that operates a charitable trust established by the last descendant of the Kamehameha dynasty in order to provide educational opportunities to native Hawaiian children in order to help the Hawaiian people eventually overcome the negative effects that have endured since western contact caused the rapid decline in their population and subjected them as a people to be disenfranchised from political and economic autonomy and self-governance.  Now, generations later, we are a native people in our homeland with the highest representation in every social category of challenge, and unerrepresented in all those areas that comprise the building blocks for a contemporary definition of success.

Our organization is committed to a mission of using education as a transformational process, and working with others in order to affect the systemic changes necessary to turn around the conditions of native Hawaiians to enable future generations to thrive and enjoy well-being.

For the past 35+ years, we have been a pioneer in the field of <a href="http://www.ksbe.edu/spi/ka_huakai/">research into Hawaiian education</a> and the specific issues that prevent native Hawaiians from success within the mainstream educational systems (which then impacts their ability to improve their conditions in any other of the major social systems).  While some of that effort has been catapulted from the efforts of other indigenous peoples that we now align closely to and work within very sophisticated networks around the globe, the <a href="http://www.ksbe.edu/spi/reports/">information we have amassed</a> needs to be put forth to a broader audience in a manner that will substantiate our knowledge base of effective practices and allow us to position those pedagogical changes we know are vital.

Our challenge is that the research over the years seems to be isolated and unrelated.  Each project aiming to discover particular influences in some very discreet skills or content areas.  In order to build a narrative that speaks to the complexity and interconnectedness of cultural influences in personal development and how that in turn shapes the way we approach the world around us: what motivates us to want to learn something, what enables us to engage in learnig that is meaningful and lasting, how we process and sort new information in order to have it stick to something long enough for us to eventually incorporate and internalize, and what it takes to insure that we persevere and not succumb to doubt and lack of confidence to accept our present state as inevitable and foreordained.

We have <a href="http://www.ksbe.edu/spi/reports/">hundreds of reports, briefs, papers</a> that have been assembled through our own work and the work we engage in collaboration with otehrs. Right now, they can be accessed as a list of files that a user can scroll through (titles only) to find what they may be looking for.  We want to use today's technology to maximize and leverage that knowledge base to synthesize information across that library in order to accelerate our understandings about key, critical issues that we can then start to mobilize collective effort to address.
